docs/src/functionoperators.md, before:


# Function Operators

FunctionOperators are abstract types that encode primitive (linear) operators (like Identity, Gradient etc.)
used to dispatch different evaluations of finite element basis functions.

## List of primitive operators

| Function operator                                    | Description                                              | Mathematically                                                            |
| :--------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Identity                                             | identity                                                 | ``v \rightarrow v``                                                       |
| IdentityComponent{c}                                 | identity of c-th component                               | ``v \rightarrow v_c``                                                     |
| NormalFlux                                           | normal flux (function times normal)                      | ``v \rightarrow v \cdot \vec{n}`` (only ON_FACES)                         |
| TangentFlux                                          | tangent flux (function times tangent)                    | ``v \rightarrow v \cdot \vec{t}`` (only ON_EDGES)                         |
| Gradient                                             | gradient/Jacobian (as a vector)                          | ``v \rightarrow \nabla v``                                                |
| SymmetricGradient                                    | symmetric part of the gradient                           | ``v \rightarrow Voigt(\mathrm{sym}(\nabla v))``                           |
| Divergence                                           | divergence                                               | ``v \rightarrow \mathrm{div}(v) = \nabla \cdot v``                        |
| CurlScalar                                           | curl operator 1D to 2D (rotated gradient)                | ``v \rightarrow [-dv/dx_2,dv/dx_1]``                                      |
| Curl2D                                               | curl operator 2D to 1D                                   | ``v \rightarrow dv_1/dx_2 - dv_2/dx_1``                                   |
| Curl3D                                               | curl operator 3D to 3D                                   | ``v \rightarrow \nabla \times v``                                         |
| Hessian                                              | Hesse matrix = all 2nd order derivatives (as a vector)   | ``v \rightarrow D^2 v``      (e.g. in 2D: xx,xy,yx,yy for each component) |
| SymmetricHessian{a}                                  | symmetric part of Hesse matrix, offdiagonals scaled by a | ``v \rightarrow sym(D^2 v)`` (e.g. in 2D: xx,yy,a*xy for each component)  |
| Laplacian                                            | Laplace Operator (diagonal of Hessian)                   | ``v \rightarrow \Delta v``   (e.g. in 2D: xx,yy for each component)       |



!!! note

    As each finite element type is transformed differently from the reference domain to the general domain,
    the evaluation of each function operator has to be implemented for each finite element class.
    Currently, not every function operator works in any dimension and for any finite element. More evaluations
    are added as soon as they are needed (and possibly upon request).
    Also, the function operators can be combined with user-defined actions to evaluate other operators that
    can be build from the ones available (e.g. the deviator).


## Reconstruction Operators

There are special operators (see Table below) that allow to evaluate a usual operator of some discrete
reconstructed version of a vector-valued testfunction. These operators keep the discrete divergence exactly and so allow
for gradient-robust discretisations with classical non divergence-conforming ansatz spaces.
So far such operators are available for the vector-valued Crouzeix-Raviart and Bernardi--Raugel finite element types.


| Function operator                                    | Description                                             |
| :--------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------ |
| ReconstructionIdentity{FEType}                       | reconstruction operator into specified FEType           |
| ReconstructionDivergence{FEType}                     | divergence of FEType reconstruction operator            |
| ReconstructionGradient{FEType}                       | gradient of FEType reconstruction operator              |


!!! note

    Currently this feature works with FEType = HdivRT0{d} and FEType = HdivBDM1{d} where d is the space dimension. However, solve! on a PDEDescription that includes these
    operators will only work if the function operators are at spots were it is applied to functions of type H1BR, H1CR or H1P2B.
    More reconstruction operators will be implemented at some later point.



## Operator Pairs (experimental)

Two function operators can be put into an OperatorPair so that one can provide effectively two operators in each argument of an assembly pattern. However, the user should make sure that both operators can be evaluated together reasonably (meaning both should be well-defined on the element geometries and the finite element space where the argument will be evaluated, and the action of the operator has to operate with coressponding input and result fields). This feature is still experimental and might have issues in some cases. OperatorTriple for a combination of three operators is also available.

```@docs
OperatorPair
OperatorTriple
```

Commit message:

rewritten ReconstructionOperators now in a separate file and own struct type, more cleansing and documentation, version bump

docs/src/functionoperators.md, after:


# Function Operators

## StandardFunctionOperators

StandardFunctionOperators are abstract types that encode primitive (linear) operators (like Identity, Gradient etc.)
used to dispatch different evaluations of finite element basis functions.

### List of primitive operators

| StandardFunctionOperator                                    | Description                                              | Mathematically                                                            |
| :--------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Identity                                             | identity                                                 | ``v \rightarrow v``                                                       |
| IdentityComponent{c}                                 | identity of c-th component                               | ``v \rightarrow v_c``                                                     |
| NormalFlux                                           | normal flux (function times normal)                      | ``v \rightarrow v \cdot \vec{n}`` (only ON_FACES)                         |
| TangentFlux                                          | tangent flux (function times tangent)                    | ``v \rightarrow v \cdot \vec{t}`` (only ON_EDGES)                         |
| Gradient                                             | gradient/Jacobian (as a vector)                          | ``v \rightarrow \nabla v``                                                |
| SymmetricGradient                                    | symmetric part of the gradient                           | ``v \rightarrow Voigt(\mathrm{sym}(\nabla v))``                           |
| Divergence                                           | divergence                                               | ``v \rightarrow \mathrm{div}(v) = \nabla \cdot v``                        |
| CurlScalar                                           | curl operator 1D to 2D (rotated gradient)                | ``v \rightarrow [-dv/dx_2,dv/dx_1]``                                      |
| Curl2D                                               | curl operator 2D to 1D                                   | ``v \rightarrow dv_1/dx_2 - dv_2/dx_1``                                   |
| Curl3D                                               | curl operator 3D to 3D                                   | ``v \rightarrow \nabla \times v``                                         |
| Hessian                                              | Hesse matrix = all 2nd order derivatives (as a vector)   | ``v \rightarrow D^2 v``      (e.g. in 2D: xx,xy,yx,yy for each component) |
| SymmetricHessian{a}                                  | symmetric part of Hesse matrix, offdiagonals scaled by a | ``v \rightarrow sym(D^2 v)`` (e.g. in 2D: xx,yy,a*xy for each component)  |
| Laplacian                                            | Laplace Operator (diagonal of Hessian)                   | ``v \rightarrow \Delta v``   (e.g. in 2D: xx,yy for each component)       |



!!! note

    As each finite element type is transformed differently from the reference domain to the general domain,
    the evaluation of each function operator has to be implemented for each finite element class.
    Currently, not every function operator works in any dimension and for any finite element. More evaluations
    are added as soon as they are needed (and possibly upon request).
    Also, the function operators can be combined with user-defined actions to evaluate other operators that
    can be build from the ones available (e.g. the deviator).


## ReconstructionOperators

There are special operators that allow to evaluate a primitive operator of some discrete
reconstructed version of a testfunction. 

```@autodocs
Modules = [ExtendableFEMBase]
Pages = ["reconstructionoperators.jl"]
Order   = [:type, :function]
```

### Divergence-free reconstruction operators
For gradient-robust discretisations of certain classical non divergence-conforming ansatz spaces,
reconstruction operators are available that map a discretely divergence-free H1 function to a pointwise divergence-free
Hdiv function. So far such operators are available for the vector-valued Crouzeix-Raviart (H1CR) and Bernardi--Raugel (H1BR) finite element types,
as well as for the P2-bubble (H1P2B) finite element type in two dimensions.

**Example:** Reconst{HDIVRT0{d}, Identity} gives the reconstruction of the Identity operator into HDIVRT0 (and is available for H1BR{d} and H1CR{d} for d = 1,2)



## Operator Pairs (experimental)

Two function operators can be put into an OperatorPair so that one can provide effectively two operators in each argument of an assembly pattern. However, the user should make sure that both operators can be evaluated together reasonably (meaning both should be well-defined on the element geometries and the finite element space where the argument will be evaluated, and the action of the operator has to operate with coressponding input and result fields). This feature is still experimental and might have issues in some cases. OperatorTriple for a combination of three operators is also available.

```@docs
OperatorPair
OperatorTriple
```
